Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now we're going to have three icons over here and they are going to be displayed horizontally, that
is from left to right.
But since we're going to be breaking this lecture into pieces and order to make sure we understand what
we are doing, we are going to first have a container in this lecture.
Nine.
In order to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VTS code and the profile screen and what
we can do.
We can use control and beads to make this wide OC and we can just have the train come out here to know
where, how this ends and how via.
Okay.
Great.
Now, in order to had widgets to this main body.
We're going to need to come out from the harbor.
And within the coastal scroll view.
It has a property which is known as silver.
See over to box adapter.
Okay.
And in this main body, we are going to have lots of widgets and they're going to be displayed vertically.
Right.
That is from top to bottom.
Now, I would send the Seaver to box adapter.
It has the child and the child is going to be a column widget in order to accept multiple widgets.
And as you know, the column can take multiple widgets or children.
So it adds this children property and the first child.
Is going to be a container.
We can give this container a height of 80.
That is how long the container is going to be.
And we can give this container a width.
That is how wide it's going to be for the width.
We are going to get the width of our screen.
To do that, we have to say media query dots of context, then the size, dots, width.
And we can just say we want 90%.
We want to tighten by 0 to 9.
Okay.
Great.
And in order to have access to loss of property, the container has.
We can then have a declaration and a box.
Decoration.
And they're going to say, caller, this is going to be callers that.
Right now is control and safe.
You're not going to see this.
And the reason for this is because the scaffold has a color of white.
So what we have to do within the scaffold, we can change the background color.
We can then say we want it to be colors that gray.
And we can give some little shade to this by saying shade tree red and you can try and save now.
You can see the wire and we can make this a bit rounded.
You can see it has 90%.
Okay.
So what's in the box?
Decoration.
It has a property which is known as border radius.
And this is going to be border radius.
But to reduce Dot's circular, we can give this 50 to make it more rounded.
Okay.
Great.
We're just going to stop here.
We're going to be doing this bit by bit in order for you to understand.
Now, like I said, in order to have a widget displayed over this main body, we had to use something
known as silver to box adapter.
And basically all our widgets are going to be displayed vertically.
Right inside this container.
We can add the row, which is going to be displayed horizontally.
That is over here, over and over here.
But in general, all our widgets are going to be displayed vertically because we are still going to
have widgets here, widgets here, widgets here and over here as well.
So that was why we have to wrap the entire widget with a column.
And the first side of the column is a container and we're basically giving it a height.
That is how long it's going to be.
That is from here to here.
And we are also giving it a width that is how wide is going to be.
And we say we want to get the width of the screen and times it by 90%.
That is 90% of our screen.
So you can see over there.
And this is going to be way too straight.
So what we did in order to have access to lots more property, that is the property more of the property
the container has we had a declaration which sent the box declaration and the first thing was to make
the colour white.
But unfortunately, the scaffold has a background of white, so we definitely not going to be able to
see that white.
So what we did was to have.
The scaffold background colour changed to grey and we given a shade of 300 OC and also we have a border
radius of border radius that 50 years can be 25.
You don't really need to go with my home design.
You can have your OC.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.